Assignment 1: Due 11:59PM Monday Feb. 22nd

Please check in code frequently, in very small steps. Feel free to ask
for review anytime. Hint: Start very very small and ask for frequent
reviews.

Using Test First Development approach (write a little test and then a 
little code, repeat) create a game of LetterCart.

You can create a simply command line program or a GUI, the choice is 
your. In any case, keep the driver code (the one that performs user 
interactions) separated from the rest of the classes. The main focus is 
to drive the design of the key class(es) using TDD. The test cases will 
not take any input. Instead they will hardcode test sample data into 
appropriate classes.

The game has a cart and a shelf. The cart has seven slots or locations.
The shelf has a total of six slots or locations.

The objective of the game is to fill the cart with letter from the 
shelf so that
(a) the user maximizes the points gained, and
(b) the word formed is correct spelling

The game keeps a total of scores the user has earned during the play
session. The user can continue to play as long as he or she wants.

At any time the user can either discard the cart or collect it. 

To collect a cart, the characters on the cart should form a correct 
spelling. When the spelling is correct, the player can either collect
or continue to form a bigger word. When the player collects a cart,
the cart is emptied and the total of the points from the letters
is added to the score total.

If the user discards a cart, the total of the letters plus 10 is 
subtracted from the score total.

The shelf is a random collection of characters. The user is presented 
with six random letters from a through z. The user can either select a 
letter or discard a letter. When a letter is selected or discarded, 
that slot on the shelf is filled with a random letter. If the user
discards a letter, the point for that letter is taken from the score
total.

Each character has a point associated with it based on its position in
the alphabet sequence (a is 1, b is 2, ...).

Rules of the game:
1.  If a user discards a letter, he loses the associated points for that letter.
2. No point is gained until the cart is collected.
3. To collect a cart, the word formed should be right spelling.
4. Letters in the cart can't be moved.
5. The points gained when a cart is collected is equal to the total of 
points for each letter that make up the cart. So, for example, if
the word is bat, the total points for that cart when collected is
2 + 1 + 20 = 23.
6. A player may discard a cart at anytime and lose the total of points
for each letter plus 10 (for example, discarding a cart with abc will 
result in a total of 1 + 2 + 3 + 10 points = 16 points loss)
7. If the collected word is a palindrome, the user gains 50 more 
points. So, for example, if the user places mom, the score gain is
13 + 15 + 13 + 50 = 91 points.
8. You can find the total points the user has at any given time.

Deliverables:
A task list
All code
If you decide to use any third party library, please check them into
a lib directory under Assign1 directory.
No files outside this Assign1 directory will be used for grading this
assignment.